Miss Miss
So what's up?
Someone asked to see
Miss Shen, since you have something to do
Then I'll retire first
Butler Shen, you are really good
Why are you here?
It's not because you pretended to be a member of the Shen family
Mr. Gao personally came to the door to plead for you
Plead for me
I see.
You are reluctant to part with that 100 billion order, right?
I don't know good or bad
You are so bold
I pretended to be a Shen family member before and did not say
Now they have come to the Shen family to flaunt
That would be fine.
Come with me to the Shen family to apologize, to apologize
The person who needs my apology hasn't been born yet
You are so stubborn
Oh, I see.
Miss Shen is a beautiful woman
You won't be because of your divorce from Mr. Gao
Immediately want to come and kneel and lick Miss Shen
Xu Wenjie
How did you become like this now?
I'm so disappointed in you.